In this video,
we're going to update our Thymeleaf template
for student information.
Here's our work that we have to do.
Currently, the UI for student information
has hard-coded data and ugh, that's bad.
And what we'd like to do is update the Thymeleaf template
for student information to use dynamic data.
We have our Thymeleaf template here
in the bottom left studentinformation.html, hard-coded data.
And now we want to have the Thymeleaf template use the data
that's being populated by the controller
that's pulling in the data from the service,
the DAOs and the database.
And this will give us the dynamic data
for math assignments, science assignments
and history assignments.
All righty, this looks really good.
Let's go ahead and dive in.
Let's get started by opening up our studentinformation.html
and we'll follow the standard drill right?
We'll have some hard-coded information in here.
We'll remove that hard-coded data
and we'll make use of the dynamic data.
And just like before we'll have that dynamic data,
as far as coding examples commented out already
and we'll simply uncomment that code
and use it appropriately.
So we're kind of helping you out here
with some of this development.
All righty, so let's go ahead
and move down to this one section here
for student information.
Right now we have the student, Eric Roby hard-coded,
let's go ahead and delete this hard-coded data.
And we'll uncomment the section here for the dynamic data.
So we'll use student.fullName.
And now let's move down a little bit further here
for math assignments.
We'll delete the hard-coded data of 100
and then we'll uncomment the line here
for the overall grade, the average.
And then we'll move down here to these tr's.
We'll delete this hard-coded data,
those two table rows there, delete that.
And then we'll uncomment the section here
for the dynamic data.
Now let's go ahead and delete this hard-coded data here
for math grade.
And also there's one form line up here,
we want to delete this line
and then we'll uncomment the other lines of code here
and that's our form for adding new grades for math.
Now, let's move down here
to the next section here for science assignments.
We'll delete the hard-coded line.
We'll uncomment this code here for the science average.
We'll remove these two hard-coded lines here for table row
and then we'll uncomment this section here
and now as you can see, this is kind of more the same.
So let's repeat the process here
for science grades and for history grades.
So I'll remove this hard-coded line here
and then I'll uncomment the code here for science grades.
Move on down here for history rates,
remove the hard-coded line.
And then we do an uncomment on this section
and remove the two hard-coded lines here for the tr's.
And we'll uncomment the section here
for the grades for history grades
and one last item here, delete that hard-coded line
and uncomment this section here
for adding new history grades,
the form for adding new history grades.
And that's pretty much it.